#
# This file is autogenerated by pip-compile with Python 3.8
# by the following command:
#
#    make upgrade
#
aiohttp==3.9.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   fast-bitrix24
aiosignal==1.3.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aiohttp
asgiref==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-ninja-extra
    #   django-simple-history
asttokens==2.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   icontract
async-timeout==4.0.3
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aiohttp
attrs==23.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aiohttp
beartype==0.18.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   fast-bitrix24
bleach==6.1.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-summernote
click==8.1.7
    # via code-annotations
code-annotations==1.8.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
conditional==1.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-clone
contextlib2==21.6.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-ninja-extra
coverage[toml]==7.5.0
    # via
    #   coverage
    #   pytest-cov
    # via
    #   -c https://raw.githubusercontent.com/openedx/edx-lint/4.1.1/edx_lint/files/common_constraints.txt
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-clone
    #   django-jazzmin
    #   django-js-asset
    #   django-model-utils
    #   django-ninja
    #   django-ninja-extra
    #   django-summernote
django-admin-ordering==0.17.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-clone==5.3.3
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-jazzmin==2.6.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-js-asset==2.0.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-admin-ordering
django-model-utils==4.1.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-ninja==0.22.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-ninja-extra
django-ninja-extra==0.19.8
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-simple-history==3.5.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
django-summernote==0.8.20.0
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
exceptiongroup==1.2.1
    # via pytest
fast-bitrix24==1.7.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
frozenlist==1.4.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   aiosignal
icontract==2.6.6
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   fast-bitrix24
idna==3.7
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   yarl
iniconfig==2.0.0
    # via pytest
injector==0.21.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-ninja-extra
jinja2==3.1.3
    # via code-annotations
levenshtein==0.25.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
markupsafe==2.1.5
    # via jinja2
more-itertools==10.2.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   fast-bitrix24
multidict==6.0.5
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aiohttp
    #   yarl
orjson==3.10.1
    # via -r requirements/base.txt
packaging==24.0
    # via pytest
pbr==6.0.0
    # via stevedore
pluggy==1.5.0
    # via pytest
pydantic==1.10.15
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django-ninja
pytest==8.1.1
    # via
    #   pytest-cov
    #   pytest-django
pytest-cov==5.0.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
pytest-django==4.8.0
    # via -r requirements/test.in
python-slugify==8.0.4
    # via code-annotations
pytz==2024.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
pyyaml==6.0.1
    # via code-annotations
rapidfuzz==3.8.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   levenshtein
six==1.16.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   asttokens
    #   bleach
    #   django-clone
sqlparse==0.5.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   django
stevedore==5.2.0
    # via code-annotations
text-unidecode==1.3
    # via python-slugify
tomli==2.0.1
    # via
    #   coverage
    #   pytest
tqdm==4.66.2
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   fast-bitrix24
typing-extensions==4.11.0
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   asgiref
    #   icontract
    #   injector
    #   pydantic
webencodings==0.5.1
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   bleach
yarl==1.9.4
    # via
    #   -r requirements/base.txt
    #   aiohttp
